feat: Add `shouldPollingBeEnabled` option for `useQuery` (#11397)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/swift-zoos-collect.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

> A callback function that's called whenever a refetch attempt occurs while polling. If the function returns `false`, the refetch is skipped and not reattempted until the next poll interval. This will solve the frequent use-case of disabling polling when the window is inactive.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Adds a new `skipPollAttempt` callback function that's called whenever a refetch attempt occurs while polling. If the function returns `true`, the refetch is skipped and not reattempted until the next poll interval. This will solve the frequent use-case of disabling polling when the window is inactive.

```ts
useQuery(QUERY, {
  pollInterval: 1000,
  skipPollAttempt: () => !document.hasFocus()
});

// or define it globally
new ApolloClient({
  defaultOptions: {
    watchQuery: {
      skipPollAttempt: () => !document.hasFocus()
    }  
  }
})
```
````

I'd love to mention the name of the option that was added here in the changelog to make it clear what was added. Adding in a code sample might also be useful to give users upgrading to this version a hint at how to use it.
